 7 Indian Godmen Who Thought They Were Indomitable Until The Law Caught Up With Them! 



A court in Jodhpur, Rajasthan has found self-styled godman Asaram Bapu guilty, for the rape of a 16-year-old girl, bringing a closure to the case which dates back to 2013.
According to police sources, co-accused Shiva and Shilpi have been convicted and Sharad and Prakash have been acquitted. 
The five charges that have been levelled against Asaram Bapu are, raping a minor girl, wrongful confinement, criminal intimidation, criminal conspiracy and sexual harassment 

That said, when it comes to courting controversies Asaram Bapu is not alone. Here are few others who thought they were invincible:
1. Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh
Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, head of spiritual sect Dera Sacha Sauda was declared guilty in a rape case by a special CBI court in Panchkula. According to reports, the victim, who is a former follower, accused Ram Rahim Singh of repeatedly raping her inside the Dera campus near Sirsa in Haryana. 
The head of the Dera Sacha Sauda sect also has two murder charges against him, one for allegedly killing journalist Ram Chander Chatrapati in 2001, and the other for killing sect manager Ranjit Singh in July 2002

The incident took place in 1999. An FIR was registered in 2002, however the Dera chief and the management of the sect have denied the allegations all throughout. Following the verdict, curfews have been imposed in several areas of the city and across the state of Punjab.

2. Swami Premananda
A popular self styled  Godman, Swami Premamnanda, escaped the ethnic riots in Sri Lanka in 1983, and many of his followers came to Tamil Nadu, South India and established ashrams in Trichy. 
But the self-styled godman was convictedofr raping 13 girls and was put through two consecutive life sentences. 

3. Swami Amrita Chaitanya
Self-styled spiritual teacher Swami Amrita Chaitanya, also known as Santosh Madhavan, was accused in several cheating cases; sentenced to16 years in prison in 2009 for raping two minor girls; and producing pornographic films of underage girls.
He had also been arrested in March 2008 for conning an NRI woman of Rs 45 lakh. 

4. Swami Sadachari
The 'Godman' who was known to have performed rituals for top dignitaries of the country was eventually caught for running an underground brothel.

5. Sant Rampal
This self-styled godman was nabbed by Haryana police after they found the bodies of five women and an 18-month-old child at his Satlok ashram in Hisar.
In November 2014, in a standoff, his militia blocked paramilitary forces from entering the Satlok ashram. At least six persons had lost their lives in the stand-off as Rampal eluded the police, while many of his key aides and around 450 supporters were also arrested. Sant Rampal was later arrested and jailed for 22 months. 

6. Paramahamsa Nithyananda
Controversial self-styled godman Nithyananda Paramahamsa, disappeared five days after charges of rape and were levelled against him. A leaked video showed him engaging in sexual activities with Tamil actress Ranjitha.

7 . Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanand
In the guise of leading a spiritual li,fe Ichchadhari Sant Swami was running a flourishing flesh trade racket. Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanand Ji Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale, whose real name is Shiv Murat Dwivedi, was arrested twice for being involved in a large-scale sex racket in Delhi and later in Mumbai.

